{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red77\green77\blue77;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c37475;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14220\viewh14820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Name
\f1\b0 :				
\f0\b \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Anant Singh
\f1\b0 \cf2 \ulnone \

\f0\b Email
\f1\b0 :				\ul asingh34@u.rochester.edu\ulnone \

\f0\b Course
\f1\b0 :				CSC 214 - Mobile App Development - Sumer 2021\

\f0\b Instructor
\f1\b0 :				Arthur Roolfs\

\f0\b TA
\f1\b0 : 					\cf3 Junis Ekmekciu \cf2 \

\f0\b Assignment/Project #
\f1\b0 :	\cf3 \ul Project 2\cf2 \ulnone \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-1444\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 I affirm that I have not given or received any unauthorized help on this assignment, and that this work is my own.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Date
\f1\b0 :					\cf3 \ul 06/16/21\cf2 \ulnone \
\
\
\

\f0\b Description
\f1\b0 :\
\cf3 \'93Visual Menu\'94: This project translates the idea of ordering food from a  picture menu to an application. \
\
The main view is composed of multilayered stack views containing a grid of emojis representing different food items, with a second bottom half view with title and description. The main stack view is set in auto layout with a nice UI feature that when switched to horizontal mode I have added a \'93Stack View Axis Variation\'94 which sets the descriptions view directly next to the grid of menu items as opposed to losing readability by squishing everything together. \
\
When clicked on each \'93Item Button\'94 the background color is programmatically changed using UIColors to indicate a selection. When this selection occurs the bottom view (or adjacent in the case of horizontal) in the main stack view\'92s text is altered to give a title, description and price of the food Item. All strings have been localized to french so every user exposed string can be viewed in both languages. \
\
The main logic behind this app sits in the \'93Supporting Files\'94 group with a file for the \'93Item Button\'94 class which represents the displayed food emoji buttons which are initialized to a burger at first. Then, a struct \'93Food Items\'94 which contains the struct used to represent a menu item with properties such as the emoji it will display, it\'92s title, the food description, it\'92s price etc. This file is also where a member wise initialization of all the structs takes place. The Model file contains the initialization of the menu in terms of adding al the FoodItems to an array and setting up load screen welcome strings. The model also contains useful functions such as \'93getters\'94 for displaying strings of each food item based on its position in the food array when it came to linking it to the ViewController. \
\
The load screen is simply the app\'92s name and my name. The app icon was designed and created by my self in Adobe Illustrator. \cf2 \
\

\f0\b Note to TA
\f1\b0 :\
\cf3 ___________________________________________________}